[docs] Add Document List tips (#3820)
geany/geany: doc/geany.txt

* Ctrl-click on a word in a document to perform *Go to Symbol Definition*.
* Ctrl-click on a bracket/brace to perform *Go to Matching Brace*.

Sidebar
-------

> * Symbol list - double-click on a symbol category to expand or compact it (or click the arrow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Double-click on an item in the symbols or documents lists to expand or fold its children.
```

It's actually a treeview feature (I believe) and it works in the symbols list, the documents list, the keybindings groups in the prefs, etc.  Anywhere the item has children and the double-click action isn't overriden I guess.

Author: Yes, updated. I listed it under GTK.
